item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results
         of operations.

overview

         in 1996, the company reported net income of $4,026,000 as compared to a
1995 net loss of $9,294,000. the principal components of the 1995 loss were a
second quarter loss of $10,529,000 recorded in connection with the sale of
colortronic gmbh ("colortronic"), a german subsidiary, and related patent and
patent applications and third and fourth quarter losses totaling $749,000
resulting from the sale of the company's brazilian and hasler france businesses.
on a pro forma basis, assuming that these 1995 transactions, and the
discontinuance of the company's other colortronic brand business, had occurred
at the beginning of the 1995 fiscal year, the company would have had 1995 net
income of $1,408,000.

         at the end of 1995, the company and its u.s. manufacturing subsidiary
were in default under several financial covenants contained in their loan
agreement with three u.s. banks, while the company's swiss manufacturing
subsidiary was in violation of certain equity guarantees contained in its loan
agreements with several swiss lenders, resulting in a default under each of
those loan agreements. in april 1995 and early 1996, forbearance agreements were
entered into with the u.s. banks and the swiss lenders, respectively, which were
described in detail in item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for
the fiscal year ended december 30, 1995. in june 1996, the company's u.s.
manufacturing subsidiary refinanced the u.s. bank debt with two new lenders. the
new loans were made directly to the subsidiary and consisted of a mortgage loan
in the amount of $2,700,000 and a two-year secured revolving credit facility
with maximum availability of $5,700,000. borrowings under the new loan
agreements of $5,900,000 along with $1,400,000 of cash were used to repay the
$7,300,000 outstanding under the old loan agreement, and that loan facility and
related forbearance agreement were terminated. at december 28, 1996, the
principal amount outstanding under the u.s. loan agreements was $2,852,000
($172,000 on the revolving line of credit and $2,680,000 on the mortgage.) in
february 1997, the agreement between the company's swiss manufacturing
subsidiary and such subsidiary's swiss lenders which was scheduled to expire on
march 31, 1997 was amended and extended until march 31, 1999, and such
subsidiary is not in default under any of its loan agreements with such lenders.
at

                                      -13-
    14

december 28, 1996, the principal amount outstanding under the loan agreements
with the swiss lenders was $16,376,000.

         since the 1995 dispositions of the company's colortronic, brazilian and
hasler france businesses and the discontinuance of the other colortronic brand
business (collectively the "discontinued businesses"), the company's results
have improved significantly, and it has reported increasing net income for six
consecutive quarters since june 1995. cash flow from operations has also
improved, enabling the company to reduce indebtedness for money borrowed by
$15,469,000 in 1996 and $5,978,000 in the second half of 1995 ($11,946,000 and
$5,368,000, respectively, after taking into account the effect of foreign
currency exchange translation.)

         k-tron is an international company with approximately 60 percent of its
revenues from products manufactured and services performed from its facilities
outside the united states, primarily in europe. as such, the financial position
and performance of the company is sensitive to both translation and transaction
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates ("foreign exchange rates").

results of operations

         the following table sets forth the company's results of operations
expressed as a percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated. the 1995
pro forma results illustrate the estimated effects on operations of the
disposition of the colortronic, brazilian and hasler france businesses noted
above, and the discontinuance of the company's other colortronic brand business,
as if the dispositions and discontinuance (previously defined as "discontinued
businesses") were consummated as of the beginning of the 1995 fiscal year:

-14-
    15

translation of the company's foreign revenues and results of operations
into u.s. dollars is affected by changes in foreign exchange rates, particularly
with respect to the swiss franc and the deutsche mark. in addition, revenues and
income of the company with respect to particular transactions may be affected by
changes in foreign exchange rates where sales are made in other currencies,
including in particular the average u.s. dollar/swiss franc, average u.s.
dollar/deutsche mark and average deutsche mark/swiss franc exchange rates. for
1996, 1995 and 1994, the changes in these exchange rates were as follows:

-15-

    16

total revenues decreased by $20,500,000 or 18.6% (15.4% when using
constant foreign exchange rates) in 1996 as compared to 1995, and increased by
$200,000 or 0.3% (3.1% when using constant foreign exchange rates) when compared
to the pro forma 1995 revenues. the 1996 revenues decrease versus 1995 is
primarily due to the absence of the discontinued businesses as well as to a
weaker swiss franc and deutsche mark compared to the u.s. dollar. the 1996
revenue increase as compared to the pro forma 1995 was primarily due to a strong
united states and european backlog at the end of 1995 and strong 1996 order
in-flow, offset in part by lower foreign exchange translation rates.

         total revenues increased by $5,600,000 or 5.4% (while decreasing by
4.6% when using constant foreign exchange rates) in 1995 as compared to 1994.
total revenues increased in 1995 compared to 1994 due to the strong european and
united states backlog at the end of 1994, continued strong 1995 order in-flow
and the effect of a weaker u.s. dollar relative to the swiss franc and deutsche
mark, offset in part by the effect on revenues in the second half of 1995 of the
june 1995 sale of colortronic. total revenues in 1995 and 1994 without the
discontinued businesses would have been $89,600,000 and $69,500,000,
respectively, an increase of $20,100,000 or 28.9% (a $13,000,000 increase or
16.9% when using constant foreign exchange rates).

         gross margin as a percent of revenues improved to 43.4% in 1996 as
compared to 38.7% in 1995 (41.1% after excluding the discontinued businesses)
and 35.9% in 1994. the improvement in gross margin in 1996 was due to volume,
mix, price increases and cost reductions as well as the june 1995 sale and
discontinuance of the colortronic business which had low margins, offset in part
by the inability to pass on increased costs caused by the appreciation of the
swiss franc to customers in certain european countries, primarily germany. the
increase in margin when compared to the margins without the discontinued
businesses was primarily due to volume, mix, price increases and cost
reductions. the

                                      -16-

    17

improvement in gross margin in 1995 was due to volume and price increases and
cost reductions in the united states as well as the sale and discontinuance of
the colortronic business which had low margins, offset in part by an increase in
warranty costs and the inability to pass on increased costs caused by the
appreciation of the swiss franc to customers in certain european countries. in
addition, the 1995 margins were negatively affected by heavily discounted orders
booked in 1994 but not shipped until 1995.

         selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expense decreased by
$5,800,000 or 16.7% in 1996 as compared to 1995 (but remained constant after
excluding the discontinued businesses). the decrease in sg&a in 1996 was due to
the elimination of sg&a expenses associated with the discontinued businesses as
well as lower foreign exchange translation rates. sg&a expense decreased by
$300,000 or 0.1% in 1995 as compared to 1994. the marginal reduction in sg&a
expenditures was due to the business dispositions that took place in 1995,
offset in part by higher foreign exchange translation rates, higher commissions
and selling expenses related to the increased sales volume and costs incurred
related to the u.s. and swiss forbearance agreements. as a percent of sales,
sg&a was 32.1% in 1996, 31.4% in 1995 (32.1% after excluding the discontinued
businesses) and 33.3% in 1994.

         research and development (r&d) expenditures decreased by $800,000 or
26.1% in 1996 as compared to 1995 due to the elimination of colortronic expenses
and lower foreign exchange translation rates, offset in part by using for other
purposes certain resources previously allocated to colortronic. r&d expenditures
in 1995 decreased $1,300,000 or 29.4% from 1994 levels due to the elimination of
colortronic expenses in the second half of 1995, offset in part by using for
other purposes certain resources previously allocated to colortronic and higher
foreign exchange translation rates. r&d expense as a percent of revenues was
2.5% in 1996, 2.8% in 1995 (2.8% excluding colortronic for 1995) and 4.2% in
1994.

         the 1995 loss on the disposition of businesses includes a pre-tax loss
of $10,529,000 from the june 1995 sale of colortronic and rights to several
related patents and patent applications, as well as a pre-tax loss of $749,000
from the fourth quarter sale of the company's brazilian and hasler france
operations. the $852,000 loss incurred in 1994 related to reserves established
in connection with the anticipated sales of the brazilian and hasler france
operations.

         interest expense decreased by $2,100,000 or 50.9% in 1996 as compared
to 1995 due to lower debt levels and lower foreign exchange translation rates,
offset in part by increased interest rates. interest expense in 1995 decreased
by $300,000 from 1994 due to lower debt levels following the sale of colortronic
offset in part by increased interest rates in the united states and higher
foreign exchange translation rates. interest expense as a percent of sales was
2.3% in 1996, 3.7% in 1995 (3.2% after excluding the discontinued businesses)
and 4.3% in 1994.

-17-

    18

income before income taxes was $5,841,000 in 1996 while the loss before
income taxes was $10,444,000 and $7,052,000 in 1995 and 1994, respectively. the
change during the periods was the result of the items discussed above.

         the 1996 provision for income tax of $1,815,000 was primarily related
to the united states and german operations. the company's 1995 net income tax
benefit was comprised of a fourth quarter $400,000 provision on u.s. operations
and a $1,550,000 benefit recognized on european losses. the company's income tax
benefit in 1994 was primarily due to the results of the united states operations
as no tax benefit was recognized for the european losses, since realization was
not assured. the company has available new jersey state and foreign tax loss
carry forwards that total $4,205,000 and $19,559,000, respectively, which, if
realized, would have estimated future benefits of $252,000 and $5,296,000,
respectively.

         the company does not believe that inflation has had a material impact
on the results of operations during the last three years.

         the company's backlog decreased by 15 percent at the end of 1996
compared to 1995 (excluding the discontinued businesses and at constant foreign
exchange rates), primarily due to reduced backlog in the united states and
germany. the company's backlog (excluding the discontinued businesses and at
constant foreign exchange rates) increased in 1995 primarily due to strong
bookings in the united states.

liquidity and capital resources

         as noted earlier under the "overview," the company's u.s. and swiss
manufacturing subsidiaries have entered into new or amended and extended loan
arrangements, and there are no defaults under any of the existing loan
agreements.

         in june 1996, the u.s. manufacturing subsidiary entered into a two-year
secured revolving credit facility with a lender which provides for a maximum
borrowing of $5,700,000, subject to certain limitations based upon inventory and
receivable levels. the interest rate at december 28, 1996 was 9.75%. at december
28, 1996, $172,000 was borrowed under the agreement and $5,528,000 was available
for future borrowing. also in june 1996, the company's u.s. manufacturing
subsidiary obtained a $2,700,000 twenty-year mortgage loan at an interest rate
of 9%. monthly principal and interest payments are $24,293. every five years the
bank has the right to review the mortgage and adjust its terms, including due
dates and interest rates, with the first such right occurring in june 2001.

         as a result of the agreement reached in early 1996 with the lenders to
the company's swiss manufacturing subsidiary, the board of directors of that
subsidiary was expanded from one director to three directors, with one of the
directors being designated by the swiss lenders. in addition, the swiss lenders
have imposed a number of limitations and requirements on the swiss subsidiary,
including certain restrictions on intercompany transactions with k-tron's

                                      -18-

    19

u.s. companies and a prohibition on the payment of management fees to the
company after march 1, 1996. as part of the february 1997 agreement amending and
extending the agreement with the swiss lenders to march 31, 1999, the swiss
subsidiary has agreed to a 50% average reduction in the maximum amount that may
be borrowed under its operating lines of credit, effective april 1, 1997, and
has also agreed not to terminate the existing arrangement prior to march 31,
1998, and the swiss lenders have agreed to continue to defer until march 31,
1999 the repayment of credit lines and the principal payments on fixed loans
that become due prior to that date. effective april 1, 1997, interest rates on
the swiss lines of credit will be adjusted to market rates plus 2% while the
rates on other long-term loans will be similarly adjusted on the next renewal
dates. interest rates will be reduced by 2% upon achievement of a 1.5 to 1.0
debt-to-equity ratio for the swiss subsidiary.

         at december 28, 1996, the company had $5,528,000 of availability under
its u.s. revolving credit agreement and $8,453,000 of availability under certain
of its swiss loan agreements. if the 50% reduction in the maximum amount that
may be borrowed under the swiss operating lines of credit, which is scheduled to
take effect on april 1, 1997, had been in effect on december 28, 1996, the
availability under the swiss agreements would have been approximately
$5,150,000.

         the company's capitalization as of the end of fiscal years 1996, 1995
and 1994 is set forth below:

total debt decreased in 1996 by $15,469,000, of which $11,946,000 was
from cash provided by operations and $3,523,000 was due to the effect of foreign
exchange translation. total debt decreased in 1995 by $22,788,000, of which
$22,928,000 (from the beginning of the year) was due to the sale of colortronic
and $4,359,000 was from cash provided by operations, offset by a $4,499,000
increase due to the effect of foreign

                                      -19-

    20

translation. total 1995 debt without the effect of the foreign exchange
translation decreased by $27,287,000.

         the 1995 decrease in short-term debt of $30,379,000 was primarily due
to the re-classification of the u.s. and swiss bank debt to long-term as a
result of arrangements reached with the lenders in early 1996.

         at the end of 1996 and 1995, working capital was $15,362,000 and
$23,114,000, respectively, and the ratio of current assets to current
liabilities was 1.80 and 2.05, respectively. working capital decreased in 1996
primarily due to the utilization of funds generated from operations and improved
asset management to reduce indebtedness.

         in 1996 and 1995, the company utilized internally generated funds to
meet its working capital needs.

         net cash provided by operating activities was $13,969,000 in 1996,
$6,111,000 in 1995, and $82,000 in 1994. the increase in operating cash flow was
primarily the result of operating profits generated since mid-1995 and
significant reductions in accounts receivable and inventory, offset in part by a
reduction in the total amount in accounts payable and accrued expenses. the
significant loss in 1995 was primarily a non-cash loss on the sale of the
discontinued businesses.

         excluding the effect of foreign currency translation, receivables and
inventory provided cash of $7,367,000 in 1996, while payables and accrued
expenses decreased $1,411,000 during 1996. improved asset management enabled the
company to reduce accounts receivable and inventory, thereby allowing it to
reduce accounts payable.

         the average number of days to convert accounts receivable to cash was
76 days in 1996 compared to 84 days in 1995 and 95 days in 1994. the average
number of days to convert inventory into accounts receivable was 114 days in
1996 compared to 126 days in each of 1995 and 1994.

         net cash provided by (used in) investing activities was ($2,128,000),
$8,943,000, and ($2,578,000) in 1996, 1995, and 1994, respectively. capital
expenditures were $2,081,000, $370,000, and 2,467,000 in 1996, 1995, and 1994,
respectively. the 1995 proceeds from the sale of colortronic (and related
patents and patent applications) and the brazilian and hasler france businesses
were $9,000,000 and $320,000, respectively. the company has no outstanding
material commitments for capital improvements, but does expect to make normal
capital expenditures to maintain and enhance its operations.

         cash used in financing activities in 1996 and 1995, which was primarily
used for the reduction of debt, was obtained from the strong cash flow provided
by operations as well as in 1995 from the proceeds from the disposition of the
discontinued businesses. cash used

                                      -20-

    21

in financing activities in 1994 was primarily the result of changes required to
support working capital needs. cash and short-term investments decreased to
$3,079,000 at the end of fiscal 1996 from $3,239,000 a year earlier.

         changes in foreign exchange rates, particularly with respect to the
swiss franc and deutsche mark, caused a translation adjustment decrease in
shareholders' equity of $393,000 in 1996, following increases of $78,000 and
$377,000 in 1995 and 1994, respectively.