item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
         results of operations.

         the following provides information which management believes is
relevant to an assessment and understanding of the company's consolidated
results of operations and financial condition. the discussion should be read in
conjunction with the company's consolidated financial statements and
accompanying notes. all references to 1998, 1997 and 1996 mean the fiscal years
ended january 2, 1999, january 3, 1998 and december 28, 1996, respectively.

overview

         in 1998, 1997 and 1996, the company reported net income of $6,593,000,
$5,444,000 and $4,026,000, respectively.

         during early 1996, all company indebtedness for money borrowed was
subject to forbearance agreements with the company's u.s. and swiss lenders
which had been entered into as a result of significant operating losses incurred
by the company in 1994 and the first half of 1995, including by subsidiaries and
other business operations disposed of in 1995. in june 1996, the company
replaced its u.s. lenders, and in early 1997 it negotiated revised financing
arrangements with its swiss lenders. the u.s. forbearance agreement was
terminated in june 1996 and the swiss forbearance agreement on march 31, 1998,
and today the company enjoys normal relationships with all of its lenders.

         since mid-1995, the company's results have improved significantly, and
it has reported fourteen consecutive quarters in which net income has exceeded
net income in the comparable prior year period. cash flow from operations has
been strong, enabling the company to reduce its debt by $2,595,000 in 1998,
$7,901,000 in 1997 and $15,469,000 in 1996. in july 1998, the company also
repurchased 250,000 shares of its common stock for $4,531,250.

         on january 29, 1999, the company repurchased an additional 100,000
shares of its common stock for $1,812,500, which was funded by a combination of
cash in the amount of $312,000 and bank borrowings of $1,500,000.

         k-tron is an international company which derived approximately 58%, 59%
and 62% of its 1998, 1997 and 1996 revenues, respectively, from products
manufactured in, and services performed from, its facilities located outside the
united states, primarily in europe. as such, the financial position and
performance of the company is sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange
rates ("foreign exchange rates"), which can affect both the translation of
financial statement items into u.s. dollars and the impact of transactions where
the revenues and related expenses may initially be accounted for in different
currencies, such as sales made from the company's swiss manufacturing facilities
in currencies other than the swiss franc.

                                      -14-
    15
results of operations

         the following table sets forth the company's results of operations
expressed as a percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated.

as noted above under the overview, more than half of the company's
revenues are normally derived from activities in foreign jurisdictions.
consequently, the company's results can be significantly affected by changes in
foreign exchange rates, particularly in u.s. dollar exchange rates with respect
to the swiss franc and german mark and, to a lesser degree, the british pound
sterling, french franc and other currencies. when the u.s. dollar strengthens
against these currencies, the u.s. dollar value of non-u.s. dollar-based sales
decreases. when the u.s. dollar weakens against these currencies, the u.s.
dollar value of non-u.s. dollar-based sales increases. correspondingly, the u.s.
dollar value of non-u.s. dollar-based costs increases when the u.s. dollar
weakens and decreases when the u.s. dollar strengthens. overall, the company
typically receives a majority of its revenues in currencies other than the u.s.
dollar and, as such, benefits from a weaker dollar and is adversely affected by
a stronger dollar relative to major currencies worldwide, especially those
identified above. accordingly, changes in foreign exchange rates, and in
particular a strengthening of the u.s. dollar, may adversely affect the
company's total revenues, gross profit and operating income as expressed in u.s.
dollars.

         in addition, revenues and income of the company with respect to
particular transactions may be affected by changes in foreign exchange rates
where sales are made in currencies other

                                      -15-
    16
than the functional currency of the facility manufacturing the product subject
to the sale, including in particular the u.s. dollar/swiss franc (for
inter-company transactions) and german mark/swiss franc (for sales from the
company's swiss manufacturing facilities which are made in german marks)
exchange rates. for 1998, 1997 and 1996, the changes in these and the u.s.
dollar/german mark exchange rates were as follows:

total revenues increased by $1,990,000 or 2.3% in 1998 when compared
to 1997. the increase was due to higher u.s. and european shipments offset by
lower shipments to asia from the company's european manufacturing facilities.
foreign exchange translation rates minimally affected 1998 when compared to
1997.

         total revenues decreased by $2,719,000 or 3.0% in 1997 when compared to
1996. the decrease in revenues was due to lower exchange translation rates of
certain currencies into u.s. dollars. if the average foreign exchange
translation rates for 1997 were applied to 1996, 1997 revenues would have
increased 6.8% over 1996. the local currency revenue increase was in the united
states and europe.

         gross profit as a percent of total revenues improved to 45.1% in 1998
as compared to 44.8% in 1997 and 43.4% in 1996. the improvements in gross margin
in 1998 and 1997 were primarily due to sales mix and increased volume in local
currencies.

         selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expense remained constant in
1998 when compared to 1997. sg&a expense decreased by $1,019,000 or 3.5% in 1997
as compared to 1996. the decrease in 1997 sg&a was due to the lower foreign
exchange translation rates previously described offset in part by higher selling
expenses. as a percent of total revenues, sg&a was 31.2% in 1998, 31.9% in 1997
and 32.1% in 1996.

         research and development (r&d) expenditures increased by $212,000 or
7.7% in 1998 and by $452,000 or 19.5% in 1997 as compared to 1997 and 1996,
respectively. r&d

                                      -16-
    17
expenses increased due to greater emphasis on the development of new products
and enhancements to existing products. the 1997 increase as compared to 1996 was
offset in part by lower foreign exchange translation rates. r&d expense as a
percent of total revenues was 3.3% in 1998, 3.2% in 1997 and 2.5% in 1996.

         interest expense decreased by $419,000 or 37.0% in 1998 and by $902,000
or 44.3% in 1997 as compared to 1997 and 1996, respectively. the 1998 decrease
from 1997 was primarily due to lower debt levels and reduced interest rates,
while the 1997 decrease from 1996 was primarily due to lower debt levels and
lower foreign exchange translation rates. interest expense as a percent of total
revenues was 0.8% in 1998, 1.3% in 1997 and 2.3% in 1996.

         income before income taxes was $8,718,000 in 1998, $7,309,000 in 1997
and $5,841,000 in 1996. the increases during the periods were the result of the
other changes discussed above.

         the 1998, 1997 and 1996 provisions for income tax of $2,125,000,
$1,865,000 and $1,815,000, respectively, were related primarily to the company's
results in the united states and germany. the effective tax rates were 24.4% for
1998, 25.5% for 1997 and 31.1% for 1996. the company has new jersey state and
foreign tax loss carryforwards that total $4,000,000 and $7,800,000,
respectively, which, if realized, would have an estimated future benefit of
$242,000 and $2,203,000, respectively.

         the company does not believe that inflation has had a material impact
on the results of operations during the last three years.

         the company's backlog increased by 19.6% at the end of 1998 compared to
1997 (at constant foreign exchange rates), primarily due to increased order
volume at the united states and european manufacturing facilities. whereas in
prior years the bulk of the company's backlog has represented orders that will
be ready for delivery in less than 120 days, this was not the case at the end of
1998. the year-end 1998 backlog consisted of orders most of which will be
delivered in 1999, but only about 40% of such backlog is expected to be shipped
in the first quarter of 1999.

         the company's backlog decreased by 7.3% at the end of 1997 compared to
1996 (at constant foreign exchange rates), primarily due to reduced order volume
for shipment to customers in the united states.

liquidity and capital resources

         as noted earlier under the overview, the forbearance agreement between
the company's swiss subsidiary and its swiss lenders terminated on march 31,
1998, and the company now enjoys normal banking relationships with all of its
lenders in the united states

                                      -17-
    18
and switzerland. all current loan agreements are with the company's u.s. and
swiss manufacturing subsidiaries.

         during the first part of 1998, new short-term lines of credit were
entered into with the swiss lenders for 6.0 million swiss francs ($4,372,000).
at january 2, 1999, the company's swiss subsidiary had borrowed $254,000 under
these short-term lines of credit and $4,118,000 was available for future
borrowings. the interest rate on the amounts borrowed at january 2, 1999 was
6.5%.

         in addition to the short-term lines of credit, at january 2, 1999 the
company's swiss subsidiary had mortgage borrowings of 10.35 million swiss francs
($7,542,000) with maturities through 2002. these mortgages carried interest
rates from 2.95% to 5.00%.

         in june 1998, the company's u.s. manufacturing subsidiary refinanced
its 20-year mortgage for $2,700,000 at an interest rate of 7.625%. monthly
principal and interest payments are $25,143. every five years the bank has the
right to review the mortgage and adjust its terms, including due dates and
interest rates, with the first such right occurring in june 2003. at january 2,
1999, the amount borrowed under the mortgage was $2,644,000.

         also in june 1998, the company's u.s. manufacturing subsidiary entered
into a two-year secured revolving credit facility with the same bank that
provides for a maximum borrowing of $5,000,000, subject to certain borrowing
limitations based upon inventory and accounts receivable levels. the interest
rate as of january 2, 1999 was 7.75% (prime rate as published). at january 2,
1999, there were no outstanding borrowings under the facility, and $5,000,000
was available for future borrowings.

         under the terms of the u.s. mortgage and revolving credit facility,
fixed assets with a book value of $3,161,000 and accounts receivable and
inventory with a book value of $12,091,000 are pledged as collateral,
respectively. under the swiss mortgages, fixed assets with a book value of
$5,117,000 are pledged as collateral.

                                      -18-
    19
         the company's capitalization at the end of 1998, 1997 and 1996 is set
forth below:

total debt decreased in 1998 and 1997 by $2,595,000 and $7,901,000,
respectively, of which $3,031,000 and $7,103,000 were from cash provided by
operations. a $436,000 increase in 1998 and a $798,000 decrease in 1997 were due
to the effect of foreign currency translation.

         at the end of 1998 and 1997, working capital was $11,446,000 and
$9,423,000, respectively, and the ratio of current assets to current liabilities
was 1.49 and 1.41, respectively. working capital increased in 1998 primarily due
to funds provided from operations.

         in 1998, 1997 and 1996, the company utilized internally generated funds
to meet its working capital needs.

         net cash provided by operating activities was $7,615,000 in 1998,
$12,594,000 in 1997 and $13,969,000 in 1996. the decrease in operating cash flow
since 1996 was primarily the result of an increase in accounts receivable and
inventory. in 1998, net income and depreciation and amortization were the
principal components of cash provided.

         excluding the effect of foreign currency translation, accounts
receivable and inventory provided cash of $3,241,000 in 1997, while the total
amount of accounts payables and accrued expenses increased $1,642,000 during
1997. significant cash was also provided in 1997 by net income and depreciation
and amortization.

                                      -19-
    20
         the average number of days to convert accounts receivable to cash was
70 days in 1998 compared to 66 days in 1997 and 76 days in 1996. the average
number of days to convert inventory into accounts receivable was 77 days in 1998
compared to 88 days in 1997 and 114 days in 1996. improved asset management
enabled the company to reduce accounts receivable and inventory levels since
1996.

         net cash used in investing activities was $2,835,000, $3,955,000 and
$2,128,000 in 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively. capital expenditures were
$2,713,000, $3,000,000 and $2,081,000 in 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively.
funds used in 1997 to acquire a canadian company were $783,000. the company has
no outstanding material commitments for capital improvements, but it does expect
to make capital expenditures necessary to maintain its facilities and operations
in a normal fashion and, where required, to further its growth and other
business objectives.

         cash used in financing activities in 1998 was primarily used for the
purchase of 250,000 shares of the company's common stock and for debt reduction.
cash used in financing activities in 1997 and 1996 was primarily used for debt
reduction. in all three years, this cash was primarily obtained from the cash
flow provided by operations. cash and short-term investments decreased to
$3,220,000 at the end of fiscal 1998 from $5,514,000 a year earlier due to the
250,000 share common stock repurchase discussed above.

         changes in foreign exchange rates, particularly with respect to the
swiss franc and german mark, caused a translation increase in shareholders'
equity of $574,000 in 1998 following decreases of $560,000 and $393,000 in 1997
and 1996, respectively.

readiness for year 2000

         the company has substantially completed an evaluation of its
information technology infrastructure for year 2000 compliance and has
substantially implemented its year 2000 compliance strategy. the cost to modify
its information technology infrastructure to be year 2000 compliant has not been
and is not expected to be material to its financial condition or results of
operations. the company does not anticipate any material disruptions in its
business as a result of any failure by the company to be year 2000 compliant.

         the company anticipates having all systems year 2000 compliant no later
than september 30, 1999 and has not developed a contingency plan. if year 2000
compliance issues are discovered, the company then will evaluate the need for a
contingency plan relative to those issues.

         the company is also in the process of obtaining information concerning
the year 2000 compliance status of its significant suppliers, customers and
business partners to determine the extent to which the company is vulnerable to
these third parties' failure to remedy their year

                                      -20-
    21
2000 problems. there can be no assurance that such suppliers, customers and
business partners are or will be year 2000 compliant. the risk to the company
resulting from the failure of third parties in the public and private sector to
attain year 2000 readiness is the same as for other firms in the company's
industry or other business enterprises generally and could involve many
different types of disruption to the company's business.

         the costs to complete the company's year 2000 evaluation and to secure
year 2000 compliance are based on management's best estimates. these estimates
were derived using numerous assumptions, including continued availability of
resources, third party contingency plans and other factors. however, there can
be no assurance that these estimates will be achieved and actual results could
differ materially from those anticipated. the following are representative of
the types of risks that could result in the event a critical component of the
company's information systems, factories or facilities fails to be year 2000
ready, or there is a similar failure by one or more major third party suppliers
to the company: (i) information systems--could include interruptions or
disruptions of business and transaction processing such as customer billing,
payroll, accounts payable and other operating and information processes, until
systems can be remedied or replaced; (ii) factories and facilities--could
include interruptions or disruptions of manufacturing processes and facilities
with delays in delivery of products, until non-compliant conditions or
components can be remedied or replaced; and (iii) major suppliers to the
company--could include interruptions or disruptions of the supply of materials
and supplies which could cause interruptions or disruptions of manufacturing and
delays in delivery of products, until the third party supplier can remedy the
problem or contingency measures can be implemented.

european monetary union-euro

         on january 1, 1999, the eleven member countries of the european union,
which does not include switzerland, established fixed conversion rates between
their existing sovereign currencies, and adopted the euro as their new common
legal currency. as of that date, the euro began trading on currency exchanges,
but the legacy currencies will remain legal tender in the participating
countries for a transition period between january 1, 1999 and january 1, 2002.

         during the transition period, non-cash payments can be made in the
euro, and parties can elect to pay for goods and services and transact business
using either the euro or a legacy currency. between january 1, 2002 and july 1,
2002, the participating countries will introduce euro notes and coins and
withdraw all legacy currencies so that they will no longer be available.

         the company has been planning for the euro's introduction and has not
encountered significant difficulties with the euro. since the company's sales in
europe are from two manufacturing plants located in switzerland, and since some
sales are made in swiss francs and others in local currencies, the relationship
of the euro to the swiss franc will be important

                                      -21-
    22
to the company, just as the relationship of the swiss franc to the german mark
has been important in the past.

         the euro conversion may affect cross-border competition by creating
cross-border price transparency. the company is assessing its pricing and
marketing strategies in order to ensure that it remains competitive in the
european market. the company also implemented a new information technology
system in europe on january 4, 1999 to allow for transactions to take place in
both the legacy currencies and the euro and also for the eventual elimination of
the legacy currencies, and is reviewing whether any existing contracts will need
to be modified. the company's foreign currency exchange risk in participating
countries may be reduced as the legacy currencies are converted to the euro. the
company will continue to evaluate issues involving the introduction of the euro,
including accounting, tax and legal issues. based on current information and the
company's current assessment, the company does not expect that the euro
conversion will have a material adverse effect on its business, results of
operations, cash flows or financial condition.

forward-looking statements

         the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 (the "act")
provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of
the company. the company and its representatives may from time to time make
written or oral statements that are "forward-looking," including statements
contained in this report and other filings with the securities and exchange
commission, reports to the company's shareholders and news releases. all
statements that express expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections are
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. in addition, other
written or oral statements which constitute forward-looking statements may be
made by or on behalf of the company. words such as "expects," "anticipates,"
"intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "projects," "forecasts,"
"may," "should," variations of such words and similar expressions are intended
to identify such forward-looking statements. these statements are not guarantees
of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions
which are difficult to predict. therefore, actual outcomes and results may
differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in or suggested by such
forward-looking statements. the company undertakes no obligation to update
publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise.

         a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and
performance of the company, including the following: (i) increasing price and
product/service competition by domestic and foreign competitors, including new
entrants; (ii) the mix of products/services; (iii) rapid technological changes
and developments and the company's ability to continue to introduce competitive
new products on a timely and cost-effective basis; (iv) changes in u.s. and
global financial and currency markets, including significant interest rate and
foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; (v) the outcome and impact of year
2000; (vi) protection and validity of patent and other intellectual property
rights, both of the company and its competitors; (vii) the

                                      -22-
    23
cyclical nature of the company's business as a capital goods supplier; (viii)
possible future litigation and governmental proceedings; (ix) the availability
of financing and financial resources in the amounts, at the times and on the
terms required to support the company's future business, including capacity
expansions and possible acquisitions; (x) the loss of key customers, employees
or suppliers; (xi) the failure to carry out marketing and sales plans; (xii) the
failure successfully to integrate acquired businesses, if any, into the company
without substantial costs, delays or other operational or financial problems;
(xiii) economic, business and regulatory conditions and changes which may affect
the level of new investments and purchases made by customers, including general
economic and business conditions that are less favorable than expected; and
(xiv) domestic and international political and economic conditions.

         this list of factors that may affect future performance and the
accuracy of forward-looking statements is illustrative, but by no means
exhaustive. accordingly, all forward-looking statements should be evaluated with
the understanding of their inherent uncertainty.