item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
         results of operations.

overview

         in 1995, the company reported a pre-tax loss of $10,444,000.  the
principal components of this loss were a second quarter loss of $10,529,000
recorded in connection with the sale of colortronic gmbh ("colortronic"), a
german subsidiary, and related patent and patent applications and third and
fourth quarter losses totaling $749,000 resulting from the sale of the
company's brazilian and hasler france businesses.  on a pro forma basis,
assuming that these transactions, and the discontinuance of the company's other
colortronic brand business, had occurred at the beginning of the 1995 fiscal
year, the company had 1995 pre-tax income of $2,717,000 and net income of
$1,408,000.

         as reported in item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for
the fiscal year ended december 31, 1994, and in subsequent form 10-q filings,
the company and its u.s. manufacturing subsidiary are in default under several
financial covenants contained in their loan agreement with three u.s. banks.
these defaults are continuing and have not been waived.  on april 28, 1995, the
company and its several u.s. subsidiaries entered into a forbearance agreement
with the u.s. banks in which such banks agreed to forbear for a period of time
in the exercise of their rights and remedies under the loan documents.  on june
22, 1995, this forbearance agreement was amended and extended through the
earlier of february 28, 1996 or the occurrence of a new event of default
thereunder.  the forbearance agreement also modified the loan documents in
certain respects, including the granting of additional collateral.  on february
28, 1996, this forbearance agreement was further amended and extended until
january 31, 1997.  certain terms of the current u.s. bank forbearance agreement
are described in more detail below under "liquidity and capital resources."  at
february 29, 1996, the principal amount outstanding under the company's u.s.
loan agreement was $7,680,000.

         on june 23, 1995, subsidiaries of k-tron sold colortronic and rights
to several related patents and patent applications to an investment group for
$9,000,000.  as noted above, this divestiture generated a pre-tax loss of
$10,529,000, representing primarily a non-cash write-off of goodwill.  as a
result of the sale of colortronic, k-tron's bank debt decreased by $24,200,000
as of july 1, 1995.

-12-
    13
         the loss on the sale of colortronic caused the equity of k-tron's
principal swiss subsidiary to fall below certain equity guarantees contained in
its loan agreements with several swiss lenders, resulting in a default under
those loan agreements.  in early 1996, an agreement was entered into among the
company's swiss subsidiary, several other k-tron companies and the lenders to
the swiss subsidiary under which such lenders have agreed to defer until march
31, 1997 the repayment of credit lines and the principal payments on fixed
loans that become due prior to that date.  certain other terms of that
agreement are described in more detail below under "liquidity and capital
resources."  at february 29, 1996, the principal amount outstanding under the
swiss loan agreements was $27,364,000.

         the company is seeking alternative debt or equity financing and has
received written proposals from other financial institutions to replace its
u.s. bank debt.  due diligence has begun with two prospective new lenders, but
there can be no assurance that this will result in new u.s. borrowing
arrangements.  the company is also exploring ways to reduce its bank
indebtedness in switzerland.

         the company's results have improved significantly since the sale of
colortronic, and it reported net income of $375,000 and $561,000 for the third
and fourth quarters of 1995, respectively.  cash flow from operations has also
improved, enabling the company to reduce bank debt in the second half of 1995
by $5,368,000.

         while the company has no borrowing availability under its u.s. loan
agreement and only very modest availability under certain of its swiss loan
agreements, management believes that cash flow will be sufficient in 1996 to
sustain the business and further that the company and its subsidiaries will be
able to comply with all of the covenants and payment provisions contained in
the both the u.s. and swiss forbearance agreements.  management further
believes that through the successful completion of new financings in 1996 and
operating performance, the company will be able to either refinance or extend
the maturities of the two forbearance agreements before they expire in 1997,
but there can be no assurance that this will happen.

         k-tron is an international company with more than 70 percent of its
business arising from sources outside the united states, primarily in europe.
as such, the financial position and performance of the company is sensitive to
both translation and transaction fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

results of operations

         the following table sets forth the company's results of operations
expressed as a percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated.  the
1995 pro forma results illustrate the estimated effects on operations of the
disposition of the colortronic, brazilian and hasler

-13-
    14
france businesses noted above, and the discontinuance of the company's other
colortronic brand businesses, as if the dispositions and discontinuance
(previously defined as "discontinued businesses") were consummated as of the
beginning of the 1995 fiscal year:

translation of the company's foreign revenues and earnings into u.s.
dollars is affected by changes in foreign exchange rates, particularly with
respect to the swiss franc and the deutsche mark.  revenues and earnings in
1995 were affected by changes in the average u.s. dollar/swiss franc exchange
rate, which increased 16% to $.848 per swiss franc in 1995 from $.730 in 1994
after an 8% increase from $.676 in 1993, and by a change in the u.s.
dollar/deutsche mark exchange rate, which increased 14% to $.699 per deutsche
mark in 1995 from $.615 in 1994 after a 2% increase from $.604 in 1993.

-14-
    15
         total revenues increased by $5,600,000 or 5.4% (while decreasing by
4.6% when using a constant foreign exchange rate) in 1995 as compared to 1994.
total revenues increased in 1995 compared to 1994 due to the strong european
and united states backlog at the end of 1994, continued strong 1995 order
in-flow and the effect of a weaker u.s. dollar relative to the swiss franc and
deutsche mark, offset in part by the effect on revenues in the second half of
1995 of the june 1995 sale of colortronic.  total revenues in 1995 and 1994
without the discontinued businesses would have been $89,600,000 and
$69,500,000, respectively, an increase of $20,100,000 or 28.9% (a $13,000,000
increase or 16.9% when using a constant foreign exchange rate).

         total revenues decreased $3,200,000 or 3% (8% when using a constant
foreign exchange rate) in 1994 as compared to 1993.  total revenues decreased
in 1994 compared to 1993 primarily due to the continuing effects of the
european recession, which lasted until 1994, offset in part by the decline in
the u.s. dollar which increased the translation of foreign revenues.

         gross margin as a percent of revenues improved to 38.7% (41.1% after
excluding the discontinued businesses) in 1995 as compared to 35.9% in 1994 and
38.1% in 1993.  the improvement in gross margin in 1995 was due to volume and
price increases and cost reductions in the united states as well as the sale
and discontinuance of the colortronic business which had low margins, offset in
part by an increase in warranty costs and the inability to pass on increased
costs caused by the appreciation of the swiss franc to customers in certain
european countries.  in addition, the 1995 margins were negatively affected by
heavily discounted orders booked in 1994 but not shipped until 1995.  the
decline in 1994 was primarily attributable to the significant fourth quarter
loss which was due to strong competitive pressure which reduced selling prices,
higher-than-forecasted production and materials costs and the delayed
introduction of several important new products.  in addition, increased
material costs due to the appreciation of the swiss franc versus other european
currencies also substantially lowered the profit margins of products
manufactured in switzerland to fill orders sold in other currencies.  partially
offsetting the impact of these items was the effect of actions taken in 1993 to
reduce annual fixed costs by more than 15%, including reducing the european
work force by more than 13%, divesting the company's spanish subsidiary and
consolidating or combining operations in france, germany, switzerland,
singapore and the united states.

         selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expense decreased by
$300,000 or 0.1% in 1995 as compared to 1994 after a $1,100,000 or 3% increase
in 1994 as compared to 1993.  the marginal reduction in sg&a expenditures was
due to the business dispositions that took place in 1995, offset in part by
higher foreign exchange translation rates, higher commissions and selling
expenses related to the increased sales volume and costs incurred  related to
the u.s. and swiss forbearance agreements.  as a percent of sales, sg&a was
31.4% in 1995 (32.1% after excluding the discontinued businesses)  compared to
33.3% in 1994 and 31.3% in 1993.  the 1994 increase over 1993 was primarily due
to higher than anticipated commission expense in the united states.

-15-
    16
         research and development (r&d) expenditures in 1995 decreased
$1,300,000 or 29% from 1994 levels due to the elimination of colortronic
expenses in the second half of 1995, offset in part by using for other purposes
certain resources previously allocated to colortronic and higher foreign
exchange translation rates.  r&d expenditures in 1994 decreased $500,000 from
1993 levels due to synergies realized from the integration of the company's r&d
efforts, offset in part by the higher foreign exchange translation rate.  r&d
expense as a percent of revenues was 2.8% in 1995 (2.8% excluding colortronic
for 1995), 4.2% in 1994 and 4.6% in 1993.

         the loss on the disposition of businesses includes a pre-tax loss of
$10,529,000 from the june 1995 sale of colortronic and rights to several
related patents and patent applications, as well as a pre-tax loss of $749,000
from the fourth quarter sale of the company's brazilian and hasler france
operations.  the $852,000 loss incurred in 1994 related to reserves established
in connection with the anticipated sales of the brazilian and hasler france
operations.  the 1994 losses were previously included in sg&a.

         interest expense in 1995 decreased by $300,000 from 1994 due to lower
debt levels following the sale of colortronic offset in part by increased
interest rates in the united states and higher foreign exchange translation
rates.  interest expense increased in 1994 as compared to 1993 primarily due to
increased european borrowings and higher interest rates in the united states
offset in part by reduced interest rates in europe.  interest expense as a
percent of sales was 3.7% in 1995 (3.2% after excluding the discontinued
businesses), 4.3% in 1994 and 3.9% in 1993.

         the loss before income taxes and accounting changes was $10,444,000,
$7,052,000 and $1,784,000 in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  the increased
losses during the periods was the result of the items discussed above.

         the company's 1995 net income tax benefit was comprised of a fourth
quarter $400,000 provision on u.s. operations and a $1,550,000 benefit
recognized on european losses.  the company's income tax benefit in 1994 was
primarily due to the results of the united states operations as no tax benefit
was recognized for the european losses, since realization was not assured.  the
company has available new jersey state and foreign tax loss carry forwards that
total $5,400,000 and $20,800,000, respectively, which have estimated future
benefits of $300,000 and $5,200,000, respectively.

         the company was required to adopt statement of financial accounting
standards (sfas) no. 109 "accounting for income taxes," which was effective
january 3, 1993 and was recorded in the three months ended april 3, 1993.  the
cumulative effect of this adoption was to increase 1993 income by $350,000
($0.11 per share).  (see note 2 summary of significant accounting policies --
income taxes, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)

-16-
    17
         effective for the fiscal year beginning january 3, 1993, the company
also modified its method of accounting for certain costs of inventory by its
european subsidiaries by capitalizing certain inventory procurement and other
indirect production costs.  the cumulative effect of this change increased
income by $504,000 ($0.16 per share) but also increased 1993 cost of sales
which resulted in a reduction in income of $113,000 ($.04 per share).  this
change, which was reflected in adjusted 1993 first quarter results, was made so
that the company would have a uniform method of accounting for material
handling costs in valuing its inventory for all of its operations which would
result in a better matching of costs with related revenues.  (see note 2
summary of significant accounting policies -- inventory, to the accompanying
consolidated financial statements.)

         the company does not believe that inflation has had a material impact
on the results of operations during the last three years.

         the company's backlog (excluding the discontinued businesses and at a
constant foreign exchange rate) increased in 1995 primarily due to strong
bookings in the united states.  the backlog increased in 1994 primarily due to
the beginning of the european economic recovery and strong bookings in the
united states.

liquidity and capital resources

         in the fourth quarter of 1994, the company reported a net loss of
$6,261,000.  as a result of this loss, at december 31, 1994 the company was in
default under several financial covenants contained in its u.s. loan agreement
with three banks.  as noted earlier under "overview," these defaults are
continuing and have not been waived; however, the company and its u.s.
subsidiaries are parties to a forbearance agreement with the u.s. banks which
continues until january 31, 1997, subject to certain financial covenants,
restrictions on intercompany transactions with k-tron's foreign subsidiaries
and an obligation to pursue a refinancing of the u.s. bank debt, including a
requirement, which has been satisfied, that on or before march 15, 1996, the
company shall enter into an agreement with a financial institution pursuant to
which such entity shall commence due diligence to determine whether to issue a
commitment for a refinancing of the u.s. bank debt.  the u.s. forbearance
agreement calls for monthly payments of principal, as follows:  $100,000 in
each of march, april, may, june and july 1996; $225,000 in each of august,
september and october 1996; and $275,000 in each of november and december 1996
and january 1997.  the balance of the u.s. bank debt is due on january 31,
1997.  in addition, if the company and its u.s. subsidiaries have cash flow
during this period which constitutes excess cash flow as defined in the
forbearance agreement, then the u.s. banks are also entitled to receive a
substantial portion of this excess cash flow.  interest is payable monthly at
prime plus 1.5% through february 29, 1996; prime plus 1.75% from march 1
through june 14, 1996; prime plus 2.5% from june 15 through july 14, 1996;
prime plus 3% from july 15 through october 14, 1996; and prime plus 3.5% from
october 15, 1996 through january 31, 1997.  at february 29, 1996, the principal
amount outstanding under the company's u.s. loan agreement was $7,680,000.

-17-
    18
         as a result of the second quarter loss of $10,529,000 recorded in
connection with the sale of colortronic and certain related assets, the equity
of the company's principal swiss subsidiary fell below certain equity
guarantees contained in its loan agreements with several swiss lenders,
resulting in a default under those loan agreements.  in early 1996, a
forbearance agreement was entered into among the company's swiss subsidiary,
several other k-tron companies and the lenders to the swiss subsidiary under
which such lenders have agreed to defer until march 31, 1997 the repayment of
credit lines and the principal payments on fixed loans that become due prior to
that date.  as part of that agreement, the board of directors of the swiss
subsidiary was expanded from one director to three directors, with one of the
directors being designated by the swiss lenders.  in addition, the swiss
lenders have imposed a number of limitations and requirements on the swiss
subsidiary, including certain restrictions on intercompany transactions with
k-tron's u.s. companies and a prohibition on the payment of management fees to
the company after march 1, 1996.  while the company expects to be able to
operate within the constraints of this forbearance agreement, under certain
circumstances they might make it more difficult for the company to operate in a
unified manner throughout the world.  at february 29, 1996, the principal
amount outstanding under the swiss loan agreements was $27,364,000.

         the company is seeking alternative debt or equity financing and has
received written proposals from other financial institutions to replace its
u.s. bank debt.  due diligence has begun with two prospective new lenders, but
there can be no assurance that this will result in new u.s. borrowing
arrangements.  the company is also exploring ways to reduce its bank
indebtedness in switzerland.

         while the company has no borrowing availability under its u.s. loan
agreement and only very modest availability under certain of its swiss loan
agreements, management believes that cash flow will be sufficient in 1996 to
sustain the business and further that the company and its subsidiaries will be
able to comply with all of the covenants and payment provisions contained in
the both the u.s. and swiss forbearance agreements.  management further
believes that through the successful completion of new financings in 1996 and
operating performance, the company will be able to refinance or extend the
maturities of the two forbearance agreements before they expire in 1997, but
there can be no assurance that this will happen.

-18-
    19
         the company's capitalization as of the end of fiscal years 1995, 1994
and 1993 is set forth below:

total debt decreased in 1995 by $22,788,000, of which $22,928,000
(from the beginning of the year) was due to the sale of colortronic and
$4,359,000 was from cash provided by operations, offset by a $4,499,000
increase due to the effect of foreign exchange translation.  total debt without
the effect of the foreign exchange translation decreased by $27,287,000.  total
debt increased in 1994 by $6,789,000, of which $5,016,000 was due to the effect
of foreign exchange translation.  total debt without the effect of the foreign
exchange translation increased in 1994 by $1,773,000.  the increase, primarily
in europe, supported 1994 working capital needs.

         the decrease in short-term debt of $30,379,000 in 1995 is primarily
due to the reclassification of the u.s. and swiss bank debt to long-term as a
result of the maturity in the first quarter of 1997 of the debt in accordance
with the forbearance agreements discussed above.

         at the end of 1995 and 1994, working capital was $23,114,000 and
($549,000), respectively, and the ratio of current assets to current
liabilities was 2.05 and .99, respectively.  working capital increased in 1995
primarily due to the reclassification of short-term debt to long-term debt as
discussed above.

         in 1995, the company utilized internally generated funds to meet its
working capital needs.  in 1994, the company met its working capital needs by
utilizing short and long-term borrowings as well as by increasing the aging of
accounts payable.

-19-
    20
         net cash provided by operating activities was $6,111,000 in 1995,
$82,000 in 1994, and $3,501,000 in 1993.  the increase in operating cash flow
was primarily the result of operating profits generated in the second half of
1995 and reduction of accounts receivable and inventory levels, offset in part
by a reduction in accounts payable and accrued expenses.  the significant loss
in 1995 was offset by the noncash loss on the sale of the discontinued
businesses.

         excluding the effect of foreign currency translation and the
disposition of businesses, receivables and inventory provided cash of
$3,155,000 while payables and accrued expenses decreased $2,121,000 during
1995.  improved asset management enabled the company to reduce accounts
receivable and inventory thereby allowing it to reduce accounts payable and
accrued expenses.

         the average number of days to convert accounts receivable to cash was
84 days in 1995 compared to 95 days in each of 1994 and 1993.  the average
number of days to convert inventory into accounts receivable was 126 days in
each of 1995 and 1994 and 122 days in 1993.

         net cash provided by (used in) investing activities was $8,943,000,
($2,578,000) and ($1,814,000) in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  the 1995
proceeds from the sale of colortronic (and related patents and patent
applications) and the brazilian and hasler france businesses were $9,000,000
and $320,000, respectively.  capital expenditures were $370,000, $2,467,000 and
$3,062,000 in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  the company has no
outstanding material commitments for capital improvements, but does expect to
make normal capital expenditures to maintain and enhance its operations.
proceeds from the sale of property were $1,329,000 in 1993.

         cash used in financing activities in 1995, which was primarily used
for the reductions of debt, was obtained from the proceeds from the disposition
of businesses discussed above as well as from the strong cash flow provided by
operations.  cash provided by or used in financing activities in 1994 and 1993
was primarily the result of changes required to support working capital needs.
cash and short-term investments increased to $3,239,000 at the end of fiscal
1995 from $1,086,000 a year earlier.

         changes in foreign exchange rates, particularly with respect to the
swiss franc and deutsche mark, caused translation adjustment increases in
shareholders' equity of $78,000 in 1995 and $377,000 in 1994, following a
decrease of $872,000 in 1993.