item 7.      management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
             results of operations.

         the following provides information that management believes is relevant
to an assessment and understanding of our consolidated results of operations and
financial condition. the discussion should be read in conjunction with our
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. all references to
2002, 2001 and 2000 mean the fiscal years ended december 28, 2002, december 29,
2001 and december 30, 2000, respectively.

recent developments

         on january 2, 2003, we acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of
privately-held pennsylvania crusher corporation ("penn crusher"). as a result of
this purchase, we also acquired jeffrey specialty equipment corporation
("jeffrey"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of penn crusher. the purchase price
consisted of a combination of $19,500,000 in cash, $4,000,000 in unsecured
promissory notes and a post-closing cash payment of $205,000 based on penn
crusher's consolidated shareholders' equity at december 31, 2002. with respect
to the payment of the cash portion of the purchase price and related acquisition
costs, we financed $15,000,000 through a $17,000,000 secured credit facility
with penn crusher as the borrower (the additional $2,000,000 is available for
working capital and general corporate purposes, subject to certain limitations).
this facility is directly with penn crusher, and the lender has no recourse
against k-tron with respect to any amounts borrowed thereunder. additionally, we
borrowed $5,000,000 from a u.s. bank through a k-tron wholly-owned subsidiary
and used these funds to pay part of the purchase price. this obligation was
guaranteed by k-tron, and k-tron also issued the $4,000,000 of unsecured
promissory notes.

         penn crusher and jeffrey had consolidated 2002 revenues of $35,178,000,
which were more than fifty percent of k-tron's total revenues in 2002. with
regard to the operation of penn crusher and jeffrey, we expect that they will be
operated on a stand-alone basis, with no significant financial or operational
synergies between them and k-tron.

         as noted above, k-tron and penn crusher incurred substantial debt as a
result of the penn crusher acquisition, which debt is described in more detail
in the liquidity and capital resources section below; however, k-tron and penn
crusher expect to have sufficient cash flow to cover all required principal and
interest payments and, in particular, penn crusher's cash flow should be
adequate to cover required principal and interest payments on its secured credit
facility.

results of operations

         in 2002, 2001 and 2000, k-tron reported net income of $3,284,000,
$1,048,000 and $5,838,000, respectively.

         revenues for 2002 declined from 2001 and 2000 levels (even after
excluding the july 31, 2001 sale of our hasler heavy feeder business, which is
described below, and the november 30, 2001 acquisition of pneumatic conveying
systems limited ("pcs")), reflecting a weaker global economy and a steep decline
in capital equipment spending in the process industries we serve.

                                      -14-

the improvement in net income in 2002 versus 2001 was largely the
result of two factors: (i) the sale of our hasler heavy feeder business in the
third quarter of 2001 and (ii) the benefits of a lower cost structure resulting
from the globalization and cost reduction initiatives that we implemented in the
second half of 2001.

         we are an international company, and we derived approximately 58%, 58%
and 53% of our 2002, 2001 and 2000 revenues, respectively, from products
manufactured in, and services performed from, our facilities located outside the
united states, primarily in europe. since we operate globally, we are sensitive
to changes in foreign currency exchange rates ("foreign exchange rates"), which
can affect both the translation of financial statement items into u.s. dollars
as well as transactions where the revenues and related expenses may initially be
accounted for in different currencies, such as sales made from our swiss
manufacturing facility in currencies other than the swiss franc.

         on july 31, 2001, we sold our hasler heavy feeder business to our
largest distributor of hasler equipment and recorded a pretax loss of $620,000.
the assets sold were primarily inventory and fixed assets. the buyer took over
operation of our hasler leased sales office in neuchatel, switzerland and leased
from us a company-owned facility in lengerich, germany. the purchase price
consisted of a combination of 1,000,000 swiss francs cash ($594,000), promissory
notes in the principal amount of 3,017,000 swiss francs ($1,792,000), which bear
interest and amortize over seven years, and a less than 20% equity position in
the buyer. we retained all of the hasler receivables and payables at the time of
the sale as well as the building in lengerich, germany, which, as noted above,
is being leased to the buyer. the buyer has made all required payments on the
promissory notes, and the principal amount was reduced to 2,640,000 swiss francs
at the end of 2002 ($1,900,000). the u.s. dollar numbers mentioned in this
paragraph reflect the swiss franc/u.s. dollar exchange rate at the dates
referred to, which were july 31, 2001 and december 28, 2002.

         in december 2001, we sold our swiss machine and welding shops to an
independent swiss machine shop company and recorded a pretax gain of $242,000.
the purchase price consisted of a combination of 300,000 swiss francs cash
($182,000) and a 700,000 swiss franc obligation ($420,000), which is supported
by a bank guaranty.

                                      -15-

the following table sets forth our results of operations expressed as a
percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated.

as previously noted, more than half of our revenues in recent years has
been derived from activities in foreign jurisdictions. consequently, our results
can be significantly affected by changes in foreign exchange rates, particularly
in u.s. dollar exchange rates with respect to the swiss franc, euro and british
pound sterling and, to a lesser degree, the singapore dollar and other
currencies. when the u.s. dollar strengthens against these currencies, the u.s.
dollar value of non-u.s. dollar-based sales decreases. when the u.s. dollar
weakens against these currencies, the u.s. dollar value of non-u.s. dollar-based
sales increases. correspondingly, the u.s. dollar value of non-u.s. dollar-based
costs increases when the u.s. dollar weakens and decreases when the u.s. dollar
strengthens. overall, since we typically receive a majority of our revenues in
currencies other than the u.s. dollar, we generally benefit from a weaker dollar
and are adversely affected by a stronger dollar relative to major currencies
worldwide, especially those identified above. in particular, a general weakening
of the u.s. dollar against other currencies would positively affect our
revenues, gross profit and operating income as expressed in u.s. dollars
(provided that the gross profit and operating income numbers from foreign
operations are not losses, since in the case of a loss, the effect would be to
increase the loss), whereas a general strengthening of the u.s. dollar against
such currencies would have the opposite effect.

                                      -16-

in addition, our revenues and income with respect to particular
transactions may be affected by changes in foreign exchange rates where sales
are made in currencies other than the functional currency of the facility
manufacturing the product subject to the sale, including in particular the u.s.
dollar/swiss franc (for inter-company transactions) and the swiss franc/euro and
swiss franc/british pound sterling (for sales from the company's swiss
manufacturing facility) exchange rates. for 2002, 2001 and 2000, the changes in
certain key exchange rates were as follows:

with the acquisition of penn crusher and jeffrey, we will be less
affected in the future by foreign exchange rates since most of their sales are
in u.s. dollars. nevertheless, between 35% and 40% of our 2003 revenues will
likely be from products manufactured in, and services performed from, our
facilities outside the united states, so that we will continue to have
significant sensitivity to foreign exchange rate changes.

         total revenues decreased by $3,588,000 or 5.0% (increased by $1,037,000
or 1.5 % without hasler) in 2002 compared to 2001. the increase in revenues
without hasler was driven by twelve full months of revenues in 2002 from the
november 30, 2001 acquisition of pcs versus one month in 2001 and the positive
effect of a weaker u.s. dollar when translating the revenues of foreign
operations into u.s. dollars, partially offset by lower revenues in emea/asia
and the americas due to a weaker global economy with reduced capital equipment
spending in the process industries we serve. if the average foreign exchange
rates for 2001 were applied to 2002, total revenues for 2002 would have
decreased by $6,559,000 or 9.1% (decreased by $1,934,000 or 2.9% without
hasler).

                                      -17-

total revenues decreased by $13,093,000 or 15.4% ($8,077,000 or 10.7%
without hasler) in 2001 compared to 2000. most of the 2001 revenue decrease was
attributable to north america, reflecting the weak economy and a steep decline
in capital equipment spending in the plastics and chemical industries, with a
small portion of the decrease resulting from a reduction in hasler revenues in
western europe. the effect of foreign exchange translation was minimal when
comparing 2001 with 2000.

         gross profit as a percent of total revenues increased to 42.3% in 2002
as compared to 40.1% in 2001. the improvement in gross profit was primarily due
to the improved sales mix as a result of the july 31, 2001 sale of the hasler
business and to reductions in fixed costs, including the cost reductions made in
the second half of 2001 and the elimination of goodwill expense as we adopted
sfas no. 142 on december 30, 2001. goodwill amortization for 2001 was $345,000.

         gross profit as a percent of total revenues decreased to 40.1% in 2001
as compared to 44.6% in 2000. the decrease in gross profit was primarily due to
geographic and product sales mix. another factor was the deterioration in
economic conditions discussed above, which led to fixed costs being absorbed
over a smaller revenue base.

         selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses decreased by
$2,313,000 or 9.7% in 2002 compared to 2001 (a decrease of approximately
$425,000 or 1.9% after excluding hasler sg&a, the loss on sale of the hasler
business and the gain on sale of the swiss machine and welding shops discussed
above). the decrease in sg&a was primarily due to the elimination of hasler sg&a
after the sale of hasler on july 31, 2001, fewer employees and the benefits
realized from one-time costs associated with cost reductions implemented in the
second half of 2001, offset in part by the effect of higher foreign exchange
rates (a weaker u.s. dollar).

         selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expense decreased by
$1,785,000 or 7.0% in 2001 compared to 2000 ($2,163,000 or 8.4% after excluding
the loss on sale of the hasler business and gain on sale of the swiss machine
and welding shops discussed above). the decrease in 2001 sg&a was primarily due
to lower commissions on reduced revenues, fewer employees and the elimination of
hasler sg&a after july 31, 2001, offset in part by a $378,000 net loss on the
assets sold. as a percent of total revenues, sg&a was 31.6% in 2002, 33.2% in
2001 and 30.2% in 2000.

         research and development (r&d) expenditures decreased by $215,000 or
8.1% in 2002 compared to 2001 and by $538,000 or 16.9% in 2001 compared to 2000.
r&d decreased in 2002 and 2001 as compared to 2001 and 2000, respectively, due
to lower staff costs, partly resulting from the sale of the hasler business. the
2002 decrease was partially offset by an increase in tooling costs and by the
effect of higher foreign exchange rates (a weaker u.s. dollar). r&d expense as a
percent of total revenues was 3.6% in 2002 and 3.7% in 2001 and 2000.

         interest expense decreased by $528,000 or 51.4% in 2002 versus 2001 and
by $53,000 or 4.9% in 2001 as compared to 2000. the 2002 decrease was due to
lower interest rates and debt reductions of $3,427,000 in switzerland
($4,284,000 at constant foreign exchange rates) and $2,754,000 in the united
states, partially offset by higher foreign exchange rates (a weaker u.s.
dollar). the 2001 decrease was due to lower interest rates and debt reductions.
interest expense as a percent of total revenues was 0.7% in 2002, 1.4% in 2001
and 1.3% in 2000.

                                      -18-

income before income taxes was $4,396,000 in 2002, $1,279,000 in 2001
and $8,008,000 in 2000. the changes during the periods were the result of the
items discussed above, with the 2002 income before income taxes improving versus
2001, despite lower revenues in 2002, primarily as a result of the hasler sale
and the benefits of the globalization and cost reductions initiatives which we
implemented during the latter half of 2001.

         the 2002, 2001 and 2000 provisions for income tax of $1,112,000,
$231,000 and $2,170,000 respectively, related primarily to our results in the
united states and switzerland in 2002 and the united states and germany in 2001
and 2000. the effective tax rates were 25.3% in 2002, 18.1% in 2001 and 27.1% in
2000. the higher effective tax rate in 2002 was primarily due to an increase in
foreign taxable income in 2002 as compared to 2001, which included a loss in
both switzerland and germany on the sale of the hasler business. on july 1,
2002, new jersey approved legislation for corporation income tax reform. the
changes made to the law accounted for an increase in the tax provision for 2002
of approximately $50,000 after the related federal income tax benefit. the lower
effective tax rate in 2001 versus 2000 was primarily due to a one-time benefit
from a german tax law change. we have foreign and u.s. state tax loss
carryforwards that total $366,000 and $4,900,000, respectively, which, if
realized, would have an estimated future net income benefit of $106,000 and
$367,000, respectively.

         we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on the
results of operations during the last three years.

         our backlog at constant foreign exchange rates decreased by 36.2% at
the end of 2002 compared to 2001 due to the very weak capital equipment spending
environment that existed during all of 2002, and it reflected fewer orders
received at our feeder group facilities in switzerland and the united states.
the bulk of the year-end 2002 backlog consisted of orders that should be ready
for delivery in less than 120 days. our backlog at constant foreign exchange
rates decreased by 35.3% (24.2% without the hasler business) at the end of 2001
compared to 2000, primarily due to reduced orders from customers in the united
states.

liquidity and capital resources

recent developments

         to finance the penn crusher acquisition described earlier, we borrowed
$20,000,000 from two u.s. banks, and we also issued $4,000,000 in unsecured
promissory notes to the penn crusher stockholders.

         we borrowed $5,000,000 from a bank through k-tron's u.s. manufacturing
subsidiary, which loan was combined with an outstanding term loan (see "existing
debt" below) from that bank to that subsidiary. monthly principal payments of
$83,000 plus interest at a fixed rate of 5.625% on approximately half the loan
and at a variable rate of one month libor plus 1.85% on the other half (3.23% at
december 28, 2002) began february 2003, with the final principal payment of
approximately $2,416,000 plus interest being due in january 2008. this loan is
secured by substantially all of the assets of the u.s. manufacturing subsidiary
and is guaranteed by k-tron international, inc.

                                      -19-

penn crusher borrowed $15,000,000 from another u.s. bank consisting of
an aggregate of $13,500,000 term debt ($10,000,000 with a five-year term and
$3,500,000 with a six-year term) and $1,500,000 under a five-year revolving
credit facility. subject to certain conditions, the revolving credit facility
provides for up to an additional $2,000,000 of availability. quarterly term debt
principal payments of $400,000 begin march 31, 2003 and increase each year by
$62,500 per quarter (or $250,000 per year in the aggregate) through december 31,
2007, with final quarterly payments of $750,000 in 2008. interest is from one to
six month libor plus 3% to 3.5%, and the 3% to 3.5% can be reduced to 2% to 2.5%
upon meeting certain financial ratios. in january 2003, penn crusher entered
into an interest rate swap related to the entire $10,000,000 five-year term loan
where interest will not exceed 6.11% for the full term of the loan and can be
reduced to 5.11% upon meeting certain financial ratios. the interest rates on
the $3,500,000 million term loan and $1,500,000 revolving credit facility were
4.91% and 4.38%, respectively, as of january 8, 2003. the penn crusher debt is
guaranteed by jeffrey and secured by substantially all of the assets of penn
crusher and jeffrey, but it is not guaranteed by any other k-tron company.

         in addition, k-tron issued $4,000,000 of unsecured promissory notes to
the penn crusher stockholders as part of the penn crusher purchase price, which
notes are payable in three equal, annual installments on the second, third and
fourth anniversaries of the closing date. interest at 6% per annum is payable
quarterly.

         as stated previously, k-tron and penn crusher are expected to have
sufficient cash flow to cover all required principal and interest payments on
the foregoing debt.

other debt

         on march 20, 2000, our u.s. manufacturing subsidiary borrowed
$7,000,000 under a term loan facility with a u.s. bank, and we used these funds,
together with $1,194,000 of available cash and a borrowing of $950,000 on a
$5,000,000 revolving credit facility with the same bank, to repurchase 508,000
shares of our common stock. the $7,000,000 term loan was originally payable in
equal monthly installments of principal plus accrued interest over a four-year
period and was secured by liens on the same collateral which secures the
revolving credit loan and also a separate mortgage loan from the same u.s. bank.
one-half of the term loan bore interest at the fixed rate of 8.23% for the first
two years and from february 4, 2002 until the refinancing of this loan on
december 30, 2002 was subject to a variable rate of interest equal to one month
libor plus 1.85 percent (3.23% at december 28, 2002), and the other half was
subject to the same variable rate basis of interest equal to one month libor
plus 1.85 percent (3.23% at december 28, 2002). at december 28, 2002, there was
$2,188,000 outstanding under this term loan. on december 30, 2002, we refinanced
the outstanding balance of this loan and borrowed an additional $5,000,000 to
finance the january 2, 2003 acquisition of penn crusher, which refinancing was
described above under "recent developments." both the original term loan
facility and the refinanced facility require that we maintain certain specific
ratios of consolidated debt to net worth and minimum annual debt coverage, and a
minimum level of net worth, calculated at the end of each fiscal year. in 2002
and 2001, we were in compliance with these covenants.

                                      -20-

at december 28, 2002, our swiss subsidiary had separate credit
facilities totaling 17 million swiss francs ($12.2 million) with three swiss
banks. the company's real property in switzerland is pledged as collateral. as
of december 28, 2002, there were long-term borrowings outstanding of 3.8 million
swiss francs ($2.7 million), with 9.2 million swiss francs ($6.7 million)
available for short-term borrowings and 4 million swiss francs ($2.8 million)
available for letters of credit and customer guarantees. the annual interest
rates on the long-term borrowings range from 2.0% to 3.5%.

         in june 1998, our u.s. manufacturing subsidiary refinanced its 20-year
mortgage debt with a u.s. bank for $2,700,000 at an annual interest rate of
7.625%. in july 2002, the annual interest rate was reduced to 6.45%. beginning
august 1, 2002, the loan is repayable in eighty-three monthly principal and
interest payments of $23,784 with a final payment of $1,042,000 plus interest on
august 1, 2009. at december 28, 2002, the remaining amount owed under this
borrowing was $2,197,000.

         also in june 1998, our u.s. manufacturing subsidiary entered into a
two-year secured revolving credit facility with a u.s. bank that provided for a
maximum borrowing of $5,000,000, since reduced to $4,000,000. this facility has
been extended through july 2004. at december 28, 2002, there were no outstanding
borrowings under this line, and $4,000,000 was available for future borrowings.
the annual interest rate as of december 28, 2002 was 4.0%.

                                      -21-

we are obligated to make future payments under various contracts such
as debt and lease agreements. the table set forth below summarizes the
significant contractual cash obligations as of december 28, 2002:

contractual obligations
(in thousands)

as a result of the january 2, 2003 penn crusher acquisition, our
obligation to make future payments under debt and lease agreements is as
follows:

-22-

our capitalization at the end of 2002, 2001 and 2000 is set forth
below:

(dollars in thousands)

as indicated by the long-term debt numbers in the contractual
obligations tables on the immediately preceding page, the numbers and ratios in
the above capitalization table will change significantly in 2003 as a result of
the substantial debt incurred in connection with the penn crusher acquisition.

         total debt decreased by $6,181,000 in 2002 compared to the end of 2001
and by $1,300,000 in 2001 versus the end of 2000. total debt without the effect
of foreign currency translation decreased by $7,038,000 in 2002 and by
$1,257,000 in 2001.

         at the end of 2002 and 2001, working capital was $14,106,000 and
$15,565,000, respectively, and the ratio of current assets to current
liabilities was 1.93 and 2.18, respectively.

         in 2002 and 2001, we utilized internally generated funds to meet our
working capital needs, while in 2001 we also utilized lines of credit.

         net cash provided by operating activities was $9,949,000 in 2002,
$5,253,000 in 2001 and $7,107,000 in 2000. the increase in operating cash flow
in 2002 versus 2001 was primarily due to higher net income, a reduction in
inventory and an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses partially
offset by an increase in prepaid expenses and a decrease in depreciation and
amortization. the decrease in operating cash flow in 2001 compared to 2000 was
primarily due to lower net income. net income and depreciation and amortization
were the principal components of cash provided by operating activities in all
three years.

         the average number of days to convert accounts receivable to cash was
80 days in 2002 compared to 86 days in 2001 and 85 days in 2000. the average
number of days to convert inventory into accounts receivable was 91 days in 2002
compared to 96 days in 2001 and 88 days in 2000.

                                      -23-

net cash used in investing activities was $2,829,000, $2,057,000 and
$4,267,000 in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. capital expenditures were
$2,967,000, $2,144,000 and $3,699,000 in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.
funds used in 2001 to acquire pcs were $621,000 while funds received from the
sale of the assets of the hasler business and the swiss machine and welding
shops described above were $776,000. funds used in 2000 to acquire colormax
limited were $491,000.

         cash used in financing activities in 2002 was for debt reduction, while
in 2001 and 2000, cash was used primarily for the purchase of 43,700 shares of
our common stock in 2001 and 520,200 shares in 2000, as well as for debt
reduction in 2001. in 2002, 2001 and 2000, cash was obtained from operations,
and cash was also obtained from long-term borrowings in 2000. cash and
short-term investments increased to $2,694,000 at the end of 2002 versus
$2,214,000 at the end of 2001. cash decreased to $553,000 at the end of 2000
from $3,093,000 a year earlier.

         of the total increase in shareholders' equity of $6,858,000 for 2002,
$3,587,000 was attributable to changes in foreign exchange rates, particularly
with respect to the swiss franc and euro, while foreign exchange rates caused a
translation decrease in shareholders' equity of $620,000 in 2001 and $601,000 in
2000.

critical accounting policies and estimates

         the company prepares its financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. the
preparation of such financial statements requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of those financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. actual results could differ from those estimates.

         the company discloses its significant accounting policies in the notes
to its audited consolidated financial statements.

         judgments and estimates of uncertainties are required in applying the
company's accounting policies in certain areas. following are some of the areas
requiring significant judgments and estimates: determination of an asset's
useful life, estimates of allowances for bad debts, cash flow and valuation
assumptions in performing asset impairment tests of long-lived assets, estimates
of realizability of deferred tax assets, warranty cost, and legal contingencies.

         there are numerous critical assumptions that may influence accounting
estimates in these and other areas. we base our critical assumptions on
historical experience, third-party data and various other estimates which we
believe to be reasonable. certain of the more critical assumptions include:

depreciable lives of plant and equipment

- -        changes in technology

- -        wear and tear

- -        changes in market demand

                                      -24-

bad debt risk

- -        credit worthiness of specific customers and aging of customer balances

- -        contractual rights and obligations

- -        general and specific economic conditions

asset impairment determinations

- -        intended use of assets and expected future cash flows

- -        industry specific trends and economic conditions

- -        customer preferences and behavior patterns

- -        impact of regulatory initiatives

deferred taxes

- -        expected future profitability and cash flows

- -        impact of regulatory initiatives

- -        timing of reversals of existing temporary differences between book and
         taxable income

warranty cost

- -        new product introduction

- -        past experience

legal contingencies

         we are currently involved in certain legal proceedings. we have accrued
our estimate of the probable costs for the resolution of these claims. this
estimate has been developed in consultation with outside counsel handling our
defense in these matters and is based upon an analysis of potential results,
assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. we do not
believe these proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our
consolidated financial position. it is possible, however, that future results of
operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially
affected by changes in our assumptions, or the effectiveness of our strategies,
related to these proceedings.

forward-looking statements and risk factors

         the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 (the "act")
provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by us or on our
behalf. we and our representatives may from time to time make written or oral
statements that are "forward-looking," including statements contained in this
report and other filings with the securities and exchange commission, reports to
our shareholders and news releases. all statements that express expectations,
estimates, forecasts or projections are forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the act. in addition, other written or oral statements which
constitute forward-looking statements may be made by us or on our behalf. words
such as "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks,"
"estimates," "projects," "forecasts," "may," "should," variations of such words
and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and
involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are difficult to
predict.

                                      -25-

therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is
expressed or forecasted in or suggested by such forward-looking statements. the
forward-looking statements contained in this report include but are not limited
to statements regarding the effect of the acquisition of penn crusher and
jeffrey, our ability to repay debt, our ability to find alternative suppliers
for certain components, the effect of the expiration of our patents on our
business, the expected time for shipments of our products to customers and the
resulting effect on our backlog, the expected time for the introduction of new
products by our feeder group, the sufficiency of our facilities, the retention
of all of our future earnings for use in our business, the effect of changes in
foreign exchange rates on our business, the effect of recent new jersey tax
legislation and the effect on our business of legal proceedings in which we are
involved. we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

         a wide range of factors could materially affect our future performance
and financial and competitive position, including the following: (i) increasing
price and product/service competition by domestic and foreign competitors,
including new entrants; (ii) the mix of products/services sold by us; (iii)
rapid technological changes and developments and our ability to continue to
introduce competitive new products on a timely and cost-effective basis; (iv)
changes in u.s. and global financial and currency markets, including significant
interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; (v) protection
and validity of patent and other intellectual property rights held by us and our
competitors; (vi) the cyclical nature of our business as a capital goods
supplier; (vii) possible future litigation and governmental proceedings; (viii)
the availability of financing and financial resources in the amounts, at the
times and on the terms required to support our future business, including
capacity expansions and possible acquisitions; (ix) the loss of key customers,
employees or suppliers; (x) the failure to carry out marketing and sales plans;
(xi) the failure to integrate acquired businesses without substantial costs,
delays or other operational or financial problems; (xii) economic, business and
regulatory conditions and changes which may affect the level of new investments
and purchases made by customers, including general economic and business
conditions that are less favorable than expected; (xiii) domestic and
international political and economic conditions; and (xiv) the outcome of any
legal proceedings in which we are involved.

         this list of factors that may affect our future performance and
financial and competitive position and also the accuracy of forward-looking
statements is illustrative, but it is by no means exhaustive. accordingly, all
forward-looking statements should be evaluated with the understanding of their
inherent uncertainty.