item 7.         management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
                results of operations.

        the following provides information which management believes is relevant
to an assessment and understanding of our consolidated results of operations and
financial condition. the discussion should be read in conjunction with our
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. all references to
2000, 1999 and 1998 mean the fiscal years ended december 30, 2000, january 1,
2000 and january 2, 1999, respectively.

results of operations

        in 2000, 1999 and 1998, k-tron reported net income of $5,838,000,
$6,759,000 and $6,593,000, respectively.

        we are an international company, and we derived approximately 53%, 59%
and 58% of our 2000, 1999 and 1998 revenues, respectively, from products
manufactured in, and services performed from, our facilities located outside the
united states, primarily in europe. accordingly, we are sensitive to changes in
foreign currency exchange rates ("foreign exchange rates"), which can affect
both the translation of financial statement items into u.s. dollars and the
impact of transactions where the revenues and related expenses may initially be
accounted for in different currencies, such as sales made from our swiss
manufacturing facilities in currencies other than the swiss franc.

        in the fourth quarter of 1999, we announced that we would integrate our
soder and hasler operations worldwide to form a unified business serving the
bulk materials handling markets. we took a fourth quarter 1999 charge of
$710,000 for this restructuring. implementation of the integration plan started
in the fourth quarter of 1999 and was completed in october 2000.

                                      -13-
    14

        the following table sets forth our results of operations expressed as a
percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated.

as previously noted, more than half of our revenues in recent years have
been derived from activities in foreign jurisdictions. consequently, our results
can be significantly affected by changes in foreign exchange rates, particularly
those between the u.s. dollar and the swiss franc, german mark and euro and, to
a lesser degree, the british pound sterling, french franc and other currencies.
when the u.s. dollar strengthens against these currencies, the u.s. dollar value
of non-u.s. dollar-based sales decreases. when the u.s. dollar weakens against
these currencies, the u.s. dollar value of non-u.s. dollar-based sales
increases. correspondingly, the u.s. dollar value of non-u.s. dollar-based costs
increases when the u.s. dollar weakens and decreases when the u.s. dollar
strengthens. overall, since we typically receive a majority of our revenues in
currencies other than the u.s. dollar, we generally benefit from a weaker dollar
and are adversely affected by a stronger dollar relative to major currencies
worldwide, especially those identified above. accordingly, changes in foreign
exchange rates, and in particular a strengthening of the u.s. dollar, may
adversely affect our total revenues, gross profit and operating income as
expressed in u.s. dollars.

                                      -14-
    15

        in addition, our revenues and income with respect to particular
transactions may be affected by changes in foreign exchange rates where sales
are made in currencies other than the functional currency of the facility
manufacturing the product subject to the sale, including in particular the u.s.
dollar/swiss franc (for inter-company transactions) and the euro/swiss franc and
german mark/swiss franc (for sales from our swiss manufacturing facilities which
are made in euros or german marks) exchange rates. for 2000, 1999 and 1998, the
changes in these and the u.s. dollar/euro and u.s. dollar/german mark exchange
rates were as follows:

total revenues decreased by $2,975,000 or 3.4% in 2000 compared to 1999.
north american revenues increased and western european revenues decreased in
2000 compared to 1999. if the average exchange translation rates for 2000 were
applied to 1999, revenues would have increased by 3.9% in 2000.

        total revenues decreased by $1,255,000 or 1.4% in 1999 compared to 1998.
western european revenues increased and north american revenues decreased in
1999 compared to 1998. if the average foreign exchange translation rates for
1999 were applied to 1998, revenues would have increased by 1.0% in 1999.

                                      -15-
    16

        gross profit as a percent of total revenues increased to 44.6% in 2000
as compared to 44.3% in 1999 but decreased in both 2000 and 1999 as compared to
45.1% in 1998. these changes in gross margin were primarily due to sales mix.

        selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expense decreased by $833,000
or 3.1% in 2000 compared to 1999 and by $1,320,000 or 4.8% in 1999 compared to
1998. the decreases in 2000 and 1999 sg&a were due to the lower foreign exchange
translation rates of certain foreign currencies into u.s. dollars ("lower
foreign exchange translation rates") offset in part by the 1999 restructuring
costs of $710,000 relating to the hasler business. as a percent of total
revenues, sg&a was 30.2% in 2000, 30.1% in 1999 and 31.2% in 1998.

        research and development (r&d) expenditures in 2000 decreased by
$171,000 or 5.1% compared to 1999 after increasing by $373,000 or 12.5% in 1999
compared to 1998. r&d expense when expressed in local currencies increased in
2000 and 1999 due to greater emphasis on the development of new products. r&d
expense as a percent of total revenues was 3.7% in 2000, 3.8% in 1999 and 3.3%
in 1998.

        interest expense increased by $586,000 or 118% in 2000 as compared to
1999, primarily due to interest on funds borrowed in march 2000 related to the
repurchase of 508,000 shares of our common stock, which is discussed below in
the liquidity section, partly offset by the effects of lower foreign exchange
translation rates. interest expense decreased by $219,000 or 30.7% in 1999 as
compared to 1998. the 1999 decrease was primarily due to weighted average lower
debt levels and lower interest rates on some loans. interest expense as a
percent of total revenues was 1.3% in 2000, 0.6% in 1999 and 0.8% in 1998.

        income before income taxes was $8,008,000 in 2000, $8,644,000 in 1999
and $8,718,000 in 1998. the changes during the periods were the result of the
items discussed above.

        the 2000, 1999 and 1998 provisions for income tax of $2,170,000,
$1,885,000 and $2,125,000, respectively, were related primarily to our results
in the united states and germany. the effective tax rates were 27.1% for 2000,
21.8% for 1999 and 24.4% for 1998. the higher effective tax rate in 2000 was due
to a greater proportion of income in the united states as compared to
switzerland where we did not provide for any income tax in 2000, 1999 and 1998
due to net operating loss carryforwards. we have new jersey state and foreign
tax loss carryforwards that total $4,100,000 and $600,000, respectively, which,
if realized, would have an estimated future net income benefit of $245,000 and
$168,000, respectively.

        we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on the
results of operations during the last three years.

                                      -16-
    17

        our backlog increased by 10.3% at the end of 2000 compared to 1999 (at
constant foreign exchange rates), primarily due to increased orders from
customers in the united states. the bulk of the year-end 2000 backlog consisted
of orders that should be ready for delivery in less than 120 days. our backlog
decreased by 13.4% at the end of 1999 compared to 1998 (at constant foreign
exchange rates), primarily due to the shipment of a large order in the fourth
quarter of 1999 that was included in the 1998 year-end backlog.

liquidity and capital resources

        on march 20, 2000, our u.s. manufacturing subsidiary borrowed $7,000,000
under a term loan facility with a u.s. bank, and we used these funds, together
with $1,194,000 of available cash and a borrowing of $950,000 on a $5,000,000
revolving credit facility with the same bank, to repurchase 508,000 shares of
our common stock. the $7,000,000 term loan is payable in equal monthly
installments of principal plus accrued interest over a four year period and is
secured by liens on the same collateral which secures the revolving credit loan
and also a separate mortgage loan from the same u.s. bank. one-half of the term
loan bears interest at the fixed rate of 8.23% for the first two years and the
other half is subject to a variable rate of interest equal to one month libor
plus 1.85 percent (8.40% at december 30, 2000). at december 30, 2000, there was
$5,833,000 outstanding under the term loan.

        at december 30, 2000, our swiss subsidiary had 9.0 million swiss francs
($5.6 million) in short-term lines of credit with swiss banks, with nothing
borrowed under these lines of credit and with $5.6 million available for future
borrowings. in addition to the short-term lines of credit, our swiss subsidiary
had mortgage borrowings of 10.3 million swiss francs ($6.4 million) with
maturities through 2002. these mortgages carry annual interest rates ranging
from 3.375% to 4.5%.

        in june 1998, our u.s. manufacturing subsidiary refinanced its 20-year
mortgage debt with a u.s. bank for $2,700,000 at an annual interest rate of
7.625%. monthly principal and interest payments are $25,143. every five years
the lender has the right to review this borrowing and adjust its terms,
including due dates and interest rates, with the first such right occurring in
june 2003. at december 30, 2000, the remaining amount owed under this borrowing
was $2,446,000.

        also in june 1998, our u.s. manufacturing subsidiary entered into a
two-year secured revolving credit facility with a u.s. bank that provides for a
maximum borrowing of $5,000,000, subject to certain borrowing limitations based
upon inventory and accounts receivable levels. during 2000, this credit facility
was extended one year through july 2002. the annual interest rate as of december
30, 2000 was 9.5%. at december 30, 2000, there was $865,000 borrowed under this
facility, and $4,135,000 was available for future borrowings.

                                      -17-
    18

        our capitalization at the end of 2000, 1999 and 1998 is set forth below:

(dollars in thousands)

total debt increased in 2000 and 1999 by $4,106,000 and $707,000,
respectively, compared to 1999 and 1998. total debt without the effect of
foreign currency translation increased in 2000 and 1999 by $3,788,000 and
$1,961,000, respectively.

        at the end of 2000 and 1999, working capital was $13,770,000 and
$14,057,000, respectively, and the ratio of current assets to current
liabilities was 1.67 and 1.65, respectively.

        in 2000, 1999 and 1998, we utilized internally generated funds to meet
our working capital needs, and in 1999 we also used short-term borrowings.

        net cash provided by operating activities was $7,107,000 in 2000,
$2,995,000 in 1999 and $7,615,000 in 1998. the increase in operating cash flow
in 2000 was primarily the result of a reduction in accounts receivable and an
increase in accounts payable offset by an increase in inventories. the decrease
in operating cash flow in 1999 was primarily the result of an increase in
accounts receivable and inventory and a reduction in accounts payable and
accrued expenses. net income and depreciation and amortization were the
principal components of cash provided by operating activities.

        the average number of days to convert accounts receivable to cash was 85
days in 2000 compared to 82 days in 1999 and 70 days in 1998. the average number
of days to convert inventory into accounts receivable was 88 days in 2000
compared to 78 days in 1999 and 1998.

                                      -18-
    19

        net cash used in investing activities was $4,267,000, $2,804,000 and
$2,835,000 in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. capital expenditures were
$3,699,000, $2,605,000 and $2,713,000 in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.
funds used in 2000 to acquire an english company (colormax limited) were
$491,000.

        cash used in financing activities in 2000, 1999 and 1998 was primarily
used for the purchase of 520,200 shares of our common stock in 2000, 166,400
shares in 1999 and 250,000 shares in 1998, as well as for debt reduction in
1998. in 2000 and 1999, cash was obtained from operations as well as from
long-term borrowings in 2000 and short-term borrowings in 1999. in 1998, cash
was primarily obtained from operations. cash and short- term investments
decreased to $553,000 at the end of 2000 from $3,093,000 a year earlier.

        changes in foreign exchange rates, particularly with respect to the
swiss franc and german mark, caused a translation decrease in shareholders'
equity of $601,000 in 2000 and $1,754,000 in 1999 following an increase of
$574,000 in 1998.

european monetary union - euro

        on january 1, 1999, the member countries of the european union, which
does not include switzerland, established fixed conversion rates between their
existing sovereign currencies, and adopted the euro as their new common legal
currency. as of that date, the euro began trading on currency exchanges, but the
legacy currencies will remain legal tender in the participating countries for a
transition period between january 1, 1999 and january 1, 2002.

        during the transition period, non-cash payments can be made in euros,
and parties can elect to pay for goods and services and transact business using
either the euro or a legacy currency. between january 1, 2002 and july 1, 2002,
the participating countries will introduce euro notes and coins and withdraw all
legacy currencies so that they will no longer be available.

        we have not encountered significant difficulties with the adoption of
the euro. since our sales in europe have been from two manufacturing plants (now
one) located in switzerland, and since some sales are made in swiss francs and
others in local currencies, the relationship of the euro to the swiss franc is
important to us, just as the relationship of the swiss franc and german mark has
been important in the past.

        the euro conversion may affect cross border competition by creating
cross border price transparency. we regularly assess our pricing and marketing
strategies in order to ensure that they remain competitive in the european
market. we have an information technology system in europe which allows for
transactions to take place in both the legacy currencies and the euro and also
for the eventual elimination of the legacy currencies. based on current
information and our current assessment, we do not believe that the euro
conversion has had or will have a material adverse affect on our business,
results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.

                                      -19-
    20

forward-looking statements and risk factors

        the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 (the "act")
provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by us or on our
behalf. we and our representatives may from time to time make written or oral
statements that are "forward-looking," including statements contained in this
report and other filings with the securities and exchange commission, reports to
our shareholders and news releases. all statements that express expectations,
estimates, forecasts and projections are forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the act. in addition, other written or oral statements which
constitute forward- looking statements may be made by us or on our behalf. words
such as "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks,"
"estimates," "projects," "forecasts," "may," "should," variations of such words
and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and
involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are difficult to
predict. therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what
is expressed or forecasted in or suggested by such forward-looking statements.
the forward-looking statements contained in this report include statements
regarding our ability to find alternative suppliers for certain components, the
effect of the expiration of our patents on our business, the expected time for
shipments of our products to customers and the resulting effect on our backlog,
the sufficiency of our facilities, the effect of changes in foreign exchange
rates on our business and the effect of the euro conversion on cross border
competition and on our business. we undertake no obligation to update publicly
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise.

        a wide range of factors could materially affect our future performance
and financial and competitive position, including the following: (i) increasing
price and product/service competition by domestic and foreign competitors,
including new entrants; (ii) the mix of products/services sold by us; (iii)
rapid technological changes and developments and our ability to continue to
introduce competitive new products on a timely and cost-effective basis; (iv)
changes in u.s. and global financial and currency markets, including significant
interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; (v) protection
and validity of patent and other intellectual property rights held by us and our
competitors; (vi) the cyclical nature of our business as a capital goods
supplier; (vii) possible future litigation and governmental proceedings; (viii)
the availability of financing and financial resources in the amounts, at the
times and on the terms required to support our future business, including
capacity expansions and possible acquisitions; (ix) the loss of key customers,
employees or suppliers; (x) the failure to carry out marketing and sales plans;
(xi) the failure to integrate acquired businesses without substantial costs,
delays or other operational or financial problems; (xii) economic, business and
regulatory conditions and changes which may affect the level of new investments
and purchases made by customers, including general economic and business
conditions that are less favorable than expected; and (xiii) domestic and
international political and economic conditions.

        this list of factors that may affect our future performance and
financial and competitive position and also the accuracy of forward-looking
statements is illustrative, but it is by no means exhaustive. accordingly, all
forward-looking statements should be evaluated with the understanding of their
inherent uncertainty.

                                      -20-
    21